The application you are using
provides an option to submit an
impression of a platform touch
point that is shared with all
other members of the collective
for a period of seven days.
Once feedback is
submitted, the results
can be found
using the platforms
kid Barner application.
Navigate to cabana dot Aiden
Parkinson, Dot XY, Zed Colon
5601 to witness the results.
The discovery tool provided
by the cabana application
can be used to find specific
information.
Here we
see the
message that
I have
just submitted.
The dashboard tool can be used
to visualize aggregate data.
Note to view data over a
new time period. The cabana tool
requires refreshing. Why don't
you try submitting some first
impressions and witness the
results using the cabana at all?